Updated about RHDH and added RHTAP content (#724)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/about/con_integrations-in-rhdh.adoc

== Integration with {rhtap-brand-name}
{rhtap-brand-name} ({rhtap-very-short}) enhances {product} by providing secure CI/CD capabilities that integrate security measures into every stage of the development process.

While {product} focuses on the inner loop (code, build, and test), {rhtap-very-short} manages the outer loop, automating:

* Code scanning
* Image building
* Vulnerability detection
* Deployment

{rhtap-very-short} includes tools like {rhtas-brand-name} ({rhtas-very-short}) for code integrity, {rhtpa-brand-name} ({rhtpa-very-short}) for automated Software build of Materials (SBOM) creation, and {rhacs-brand-name} ({rhacs-very-short}) for vulnerability scanning. 

== Extending Backstage with {product}
{product} which is a fully supported, enterprise-grade productized version of upstream Backstage extends the upstream project by adding:

* Enhanced search capabilities that aggregate data from CI/CD pipelines, cloud providers, source control, and more.
* A centralized software catalog for locating applications, APIs, and resources.
* Automation through open-source plugins that expand Backstage’s core functionality.

> * Simplified tech documentation using Markdown and Git, with integrated search for easy navigation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Simplified technical documentation using Markdown and GitHub, with integrated search for easy navigation.
```

[role="_additional-resources"]
.Additional resources

> * A bulleted list of links to other closely-related material. These links can include `link:` and `xref:` macros.

Reviewer: I think this is from the template? Can we include some links here?
